Remove the deprecated ButtonGroup children (#1552)
sumup-oss/circuit-ui: MIGRATION.md

- The deprecated `zIndex.sidebar` design token was removed from `@sumup/design-tokens`. Use `sIndex.navigation` instead. There is no codemod for this change: search and replace the old value for the new one in your codebase.
- The deprecated `shadowSingle`, `shadowDouble` and `shadowTriple` style mixins were removed. Use the `shadow()` style mixin instead. There is no codemod for this change: migrate manually by searching for the deprecated style mixins in your codebase, and verify the changes visually.
- The `RadioButton` component's deprecated `children` prop was removed. Use the `label` prop, now typed as required, instead. There is no codemod for this change: search your codebase for uses of the `RadioButton` or `RadioButtonGroup` component and migrate them manually.

> - The `ButtonGroup` component's deprecated `children` prop was removed. Use `actions` instead. If the new `ButtonGroup` component API doesn't fit your use case, consider aligning your use case with the design system, or write a custom wrapper for your buttons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `ButtonGroup` component's deprecated `children` prop was removed. Use the `actions` prop instead. If the new `ButtonGroup` component API doesn't fit your use case, consider aligning your use case with the design system, or writing a custom layout wrapper for your buttons.
```
